ESTIMATE of time to complete assignment: 12 hours

      Time     Time
Date  Started  Spent Work completed
----  -------  ----  --------------
5/01  12:00pm  	3:00  Studied rules and special cases of Yahtzee, drew out diagram, started coding framework
5/01  3:00pm  	3:00  Created training data, started coding data encoding
5/02  12:00pm  	2:00	Finished training data and label encoding, went through output for sanity testing
5/02  2:00pm    2:00  Implemented Neural Network functionality, trained for the first time
5/02  4:00pm    3:00  Tried to figure out why loss is very high, accuracy is very low. Redesigned input scheme based on Piazza hints, re-tested, little progress
5/02  7:00pm    3:00  Re-thought and modified encoding repeatedly, some improvement in loss amount
5/03	10:00am	  3:00	Sketched out scenarios and edge cases, coded choose_dice and choose_category, tested - score very low
5/03	1:00pm	  3:00	Printed out Yahtzee moves to discover errors. Fixed many problems, re-wrote choose_category, changed labelling scheme
5/03  4:00pm 	  3:00  Loss is lower and score is higher; can't get above 210 consistently
5/03	7:00pm	  3:00  Changed encoding scheme for input again based on Piazza response, loss is much lower now
5/04  12:00pm	  3:00  Modified choose_dice, choose_category; at some point score increased significantly
5/04  12:00pm   3:00  Attempted modifications to encoding scheme, little improvement in loss, no improvement in score
5/04  12:00pm	  2:00  Tried different modifications, unsuccessfully. Gave up, I have two finals in the next two days for which I haven't started studying (because of this pset!)

               36:00  TOTAL time spent

I discussed my solution with no one.

This was by far the most frustrating problem set of this course. The hints Prof. Glenn gave on Piazza were the only reason I was able to get this far. I had a very hard time thinking about and coding all edge cases (especially in choose dice and category), which still seem infinite. They probably don't all make much of a difference, but some seemingly small changes improved the performance of my code significantly (of course, most didn't); because of that, I had no idea what the scope of all this edge casing should be, and spent more than 30 hours on the problem set. Although I did enjoy the challenge, I will probably do very poorly on my finals because of it. Some more guidance/direction would have been very helpful to avoid wasting hours on end on speculating about what would have a significant effect on the network, especially considering it takes 10 minutes to run and test each set of changes!! Anyway, after ~36 hours of work, it's not apparent to me what else I could have done to achieve losses as low as 0.0x, or scores over 235.
